---
type: Baldur'sMouth
world: Faerun
campaign: Crash of two kingdoms
date: 2024-02-28
tags: 
aliases: 
Discord link: 
Act: 
tier: 
IssueNum: 275
ReleaseDate: 2024-02-12
---


### Story beats 

>[!Warning]+ Headline
>==**Title**== : **Massive Influx of Adventurers Making their Home in Baldurs Gate! Good or Bad for Business?**
>**==Text==** : 
>**==Image==** :
>**==Explanation==**  (put links to other stuff in here, can be a copy of the text with links): 

>[!Example]+ Article 1 
>**==Title==** : **Dancing Axe Expands their Adventuring Supplies**
>**==Text== : **The once  humble shop has expanded their inventory to include everything an adventurer could need. From basic equipment to monster cages, Danthelon guarantees you'll be ready for anything on your next quest. Make sure to ask Danthelon about their favorite items, they are bound to delight you with a tale or two of their own from their own questing days.**
>**==Image==** :
>**==Explanation==**  (put links to other stuff in here, can be a copy of the text with links): **The once  humble shop has expanded their inventory to include everything an adventurer could need. From basic equipment to monster cages, Danthelon guarantees you'll be ready for anything on your next quest. Make sure to ask Danthelon about their favorite items, they are bound to delight you with a tale or two of their own from their own questing days.**  Mostly a fluff piece to introduce them to [[Danthelon's Dancing Axe]] and the owner [[Entharl Danthelon]] 

>[!Example]+ Article 2 
>**==Title==** : **Garmult Updated Arena Greets an Influx of Adventurers**
>**==Text== : **Business seems to be booming for Garmults House of Mastery. The recent influx of adventurers within Baldurs Gate have found their home in the newest redesign of Garmults Bannerless Legion Try Out Arena. Though the guild leader indicates the arena cost a pretty penny, they are confident it was worth the weight of gold. And clearly the new arrivals agree. A waiting list has been added to the front room of the House of Mastery in order to appease the recent demand.**
>**==Image==** :
>**==Explanation==**  (put links to other stuff in here, can be a copy of the text with links): Business seems to be booming for [[Garmult's House of Mastery]] . The recent influx of adventurers within [[Baldur's Gate]]  have found their home in the newest redesign of Garmults [[Bannerless Legion]] Try Out Arena. Though the guild leader indicates the arena cost a pretty penny, they are confident it was worth the weight of gold. And clearly the new arrivals agree. A waiting list has been added to the front room of the House of Mastery in order to appease the recent demand.** Introduction to [[Garmult's challenge]] .

>[!Example]+ Article 3 
>**==Title==** : **Portal loiterer constant nuisance for residents**
>**==Text== : **Many residents in the lower streets have complained about a loiterer near the portal within Baldurs Gate. Derrick has reportedly pestering tourists and newcomers who appear in the portal. Witnesses attest to his persistent questions regarding what travelers had eaten and what spells they cast. A new bill is being presented to outlaw such practices.**
>**==Image==** :
>**==Explanation==**  (put links to other stuff in here, can be a copy of the text with links): **Many residents in the lower streets have complained about a loiterer near the [[Portal]]  within Baldurs Gate. [[Derrick]] has reportedly pestering tourists and newcomers who appear in the portal. Witnesses attest to his persistent questions regarding what travelers had eaten and what spells they cast. A new bill is being presented to outlaw such practices.** Introduce [[Derrick]]  who will play a larger role later

>[!Example]+ Article 4
>**==Title==** : **Have you seen this person?** **DO NOT APPROACH**
>**==Text== : **The flaming fist is offering a plentiful reward for any who can give information on this man. Described as “rash” and “dangerous” he was last seen wearing an archaic, threadbare patriars cloak. Many have glimpsed this pale killer, but citizens are urged to not confront this person if they unfortunately come into contact.**
>**==Image==** :
>**==Explanation==**  (put links to other stuff in here, can be a copy of the text with links): The [[Flaming Fist ]] is offering a plentiful reward for any who can give information on this man. Described as “rash” and “dangerous” he was last seen wearing an archaic, threadbare patriars cloak. Many have glimpsed this pale killer, but citizens are urged to not confront this person if they unfortunately come into contact

>[!Example]+ Article 5
>**==Title==** : 
>**==Text== : 
>**==Image==** :
>**==Explanation==**  (put links to other stuff in here, can be a copy of the text with links): 

### links
>[!info]+ Involved Location(s)
>```dataview
list from outgoing([[BM W1 275]])
where contains(type,"Location")

>[!info]+ Involved NPC(s) 
>```dataview
list from outgoing([[BM W1 275]])
where contains(type,"NPC")

>[!info]+  Involved lore event(s)
>```dataview
list from outgoing([[BM W1 275]])
where contains(type,"LoreEvents")

>[!info]+  Involved quest(s)
>```dataview
list from outgoing([[BM W1 275]])
where contains(type,"Quest")